# AnimotoChallenge


Submit your cover letter in the form of a valid json document. That is to say; your cover letter must be parseable as a valid json string. There is also a very specific format that the json must be arranged in for our parser to be able read it correctly. We'll try to explain that as clearly as possible.

Here is a sample json cover letter:

{
"name": "Ali A Diamond Havoc",
"contact_details": {
"phone": "347 222 222",
"website": "http://fandingo.com",
"email": "thing@example.com",
"other": [
{
"type": "github",
"value": "notrealio"
}
]
},
"content": {
"letter_body": "Dear Animoto,\n\nThis is my usual cover letter that I've shoehorned into your weird json format.\n\n sincerely, Ali",
"challenge_checkvalue": "56b780f66e833aaaae12ce35"
}
}


This json is valid and readable by our parser, but there are a few other specifics:
The 'name', 'contact_details' and 'content' top-level keys are required. 'name' must be a string value, 'contact_details' and 'content' must be objects as shown. No other top-level keys are allowed.
'contact_details' MUST contain at least one of 'email' and 'phone', MAY contain 'website', and MAY contain any other contact information under 'other' as an object with 'type' and 'value' keys. 'other' can contain any number of object like this, but no other kind. 'contact_details' cannot contain any other keys.
'email' must be valid per RFC 5322, section 3.4.1.
'website' must be valid per RFC 3986
'phone' is pretty forgiving, given the wide range of ways that people format phone numbers. However; it must be a string containing only numbers, spaces and these characters: +()-#
'phone' also has to be less than 30 characters
'content' MUST contain 'letter_body' and MAY contain 'challenge_checkvalue' but no other keys.
'letter_body' is unvalidated, and can contain whatever you might have normally put into a cover letter. If you want to apply advanced formatting, feel free to use github flavored markdown.
'challenge_checkvalue' is the alphanumeric string that you get from the challenge described below. This will be validated, but we can't tell you how, obviously.

JSON challenge
Now that you know what the rules are for a correctly formatted json cover letter, you should be able to test whether a cover letter conforms to the specification or not.

This url https://wd51nn4ogc.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/cover_letters has been set up to supply lots of sample cover letters. If you make a GET request to this url with a query parameter called 'id', it will return the json cover letter for that id. There are 100 ids represented by a two-digit number between 00 and 99.

Some of cover letters are not valid per the instructions. The challenge_checkvalue that you are looking for is generated by finding all the invalid cover letters and arranging their ids in order into a string.

e.g. if the invalid ids were 34, 23, 04, 89, and 99; the challenge_checkvalue would be: "0423348999"

Good Luck!